chore: fix eslint pre-commit (#1841)
bcgov/cas-registration: docs/frontend/nx-monorepo.md

## Nx Generators 🦾

### Creating new projects 🏗

For further information, see the [Nx docs about @nx/next generators](https://nx.dev/nx-api/next/generators/application).

#### Eslint

When creating a new project with Nx, there is some setup that needs to be done to ensure that eslint works correctly with typescript. Nx doesn't set this up by default since there is a performance hit though we are using typescript in all of our projects. More information about this can be found in the [Nx docs](https://nx.dev/latest/react/guides/eslint).

> This is done by adding the following to the `apps/{project}/.eslintrc.json` or `libs/shared/{project}/.eslintrc.json` file:

Reviewer: Suggest adding how to know which of these two files to edit. Also, if the new project doesn't need any custom rules, can it use the bciers config instead of having its own?

Author: Well these are generated by nx with the project setup. I think there's an argument to be made to remove them and I thought about it, though instead I moved all the rules to the main `eslintrc` and left these in.  
  
I think there are good reasons to keep these in and allow customization of the rules per project as there may be rules that work better for some projects than others. Though largely I think it's good to keep them in incase we have a team agreement to change a global rule, there may be older projects that it's not worth updating or projects where that rule doesn't make sense. This way we can turn it off.

## Nx Generators 🦾

### Creating new projects 🏗

For further information, see the [Nx docs about @nx/next generators](https://nx.dev/nx-api/next/generators/application).

#### Eslint

> When creating a new project with Nx, there is some setup that needs to be done to ensure that eslint works correctly with typescript. Nx doesn't set this up by default since there is a performance hit though we are using typescript in all of our projects. More information about this can be found in the [Nx docs](https://nx.dev/latest/react/guides/eslint).
> 
> This is done by adding the following to the `eslintrc.json` file in the project you created in `apps/{project}/.eslintrc.json` or `libs/shared/{project}/.eslintrc.json`:

Reviewer: I'm still not sure I follow this (though I think that has more to do with not having more general Nx docs than these docs specifically). Is the following correct?
```suggestion
When creating a new project or library with Nx, there is some setup that needs to be done to ensure that eslint works correctly with typescript. Nx creates an eslint config file by default when creating when new projects or libraries, but Nx doesn't include typescript configuration by default (there's a performance hit). Since we use typescript in all our projects, we need to add configuration for it. More information about this can be found in the [Nx docs](https://nx.dev/latest/react/guides/eslint).

This is done by adding the following to the autogenerated `eslintrc.json` file (`apps/{project}/.eslintrc.json` if you made a new project or `libs/shared/{project}/.eslintrc.json if you made a new library)`:
```

Author: Thanks, this makes sense even if every library is a project in nx (each have their own `project.json`. Though I think this is a good suggestion and makes it easier to understand! 🎉
